what if I told you that manifestation is
a lie and all manifestation techniques
that you have heard of are simply not
working hi guys welcome back to my
channel my name is Michaela and today we
are going to talk about manifestation
and after this video you will know why
your manifestations do not work and how
you can finally manifest everything you
want let's get into this if you have
been trying all weekend long to manifest
your eggs back into your life I have to
tell you honey that's simply not how it
works manifestation is not some trendy
methods that you can use in order to get
something in an instant manifestation is
not just about positive thinking and
using all kind of methods everything
about manifestation comes down to your
subconscious beliefs so yes yes honey
there is a big difference if you try to
manifest something consciously or
subconsciously and most people maybe
even you think that if you focus on
something long enough it will magically
appear in your life but the truth is
your conscious thoughts alone do not
have that much power so what are your
conscious thoughts your conscious mind
your conscious thoughts are your dat to
dat thoughts that you can use to finish
tasks that you can use you can actually
choose to think about something do
something and so on so let's do an
experiment look at any object in your
room and look at it long enough really
keep that shape in mind look at that
object then close your eyes and now when
you close your eyes imagine that object
again and imagine that object falling
over then open your eyes come back and
realize was this object really falling
over in your room probably not and
that's because conscious thoughts alone
do not create reality you are not a
magician or a wizard you are a
co-creator in your life so your
conscious mind is great for finishing
tasks for choosing what you want to do
right now and your subconscious beliefs
is what actually creates your reality
now if you have all day long everyday
thoughts of worst case scenarios like
when you're driving in the car suddenly
you have a thought of oh I'm going to
have a car crash it pops up in your mind
or when you're sleeping you're thinking
about maybe someone comes chump juming
from under the bed when you walk
somewhere you think about robberies when
all the time you have those kind of
thoughts they are coming from a
subconscious belief of I am unsafe and
that belief is so deeply rooted even if
you keep thinking positive even if you
push away those thoughts that keep
popping up these subconscious beliefs
are more strong than whatever your
conscious can do or say and these
subconscious beliefs create situations
and circumstances in your life that
reaffirm that this belief is true so if
you have a subconscious belief of I am
unsafe you will experience more
situations
circumstances people in your life that
will make you feel unsafe okay so now we
understand subconscious belief are the
main factor for our reality and
conscious beliefs or conscious thoughts
can only do so much the question now is
how are your subconscious beliefs formed
subconscious beliefs are formed in
different stages of your life mostly
they are created when you were a baby
when you were a kid from 0 to 7 years
old when you were that small that young
your brain was like a sponge it was just
absorbing every information it got and
that was the truth and when you were a
kid you had basic needs and you had
authentic needs your basic needs were
love shelter food and safety if these
basic needs were not covered where not
consistently met then you will create
beliefs like I am not safe there is not
enough for everyone I am starving there
is no abundance and so on as well you
had authentic needs your authentic needs
are something like living in a castle be
a princess get a pony if for example
when you were younger you really wanted
to be a singer you really wanted to be a
model
your desire was to be a princess and
your parents your caretaker couldn't met
those needs which is most likely your
parents then said something to you like
this is stupid you cannot be something
like that we cannot afford a castle you
can never be a princess you cannot have
a pony you want to be a pilot this is
absolutely ridiculous
and so on if your parents didn't fulfill
that authentic need you had you learn to
put a mask on you learn to do something
which other people find authentic for
you and when you do that you create a
belief of I cannot be authentic to be
loved my authentic self is unlovable my
authentic self is not correct is not
right there is something wrong with me I
don't deserve love when I'm being my
authentic self so if these authentic
needs are not being met you as well
create beliefs that are so deeply rooted
in your subconscious mind that are
ruling your life but not only from zero
to 7 those beliefs are also created
later in life from 7 to 18
and even further those beliefs can be
created in school with family with
friends with whatever you are being
repeatedly confronted or even very
traumatic experiences if you had just
one very traumatic experience this can
create a belief in your subconscious so
deeply that it is ruling your life now
if you are struggling to manifest any
thing then you have to ask yourself how
worthy do I feel of receiving it and
what emotions do I feel most often in my
life if you feel most often unsafe you
know your core belief is I am unsafe if
you feel most
often betrayed this is what your
subconscious belief is if you most often
feel like a failure then this is your
subconscious belief that is ruling and
more often than not your
manifestations have to do with how much
you think you are worth your life and
your reality your manifestations are a
direct representation a direct mirror of
your selfworth your emotional frequency
tells you everything about yourself if
you feel most of the time anxiety doubt
or
frustration that's also what's going to
show up more and more in your life
another thing is that manifestation is
not some kind of magic again we are not
Wizards we are
co-creators and if you think you go to
manifest on the weekend or you are going
to manifest now for an hour honey you
are manifesting 24/7 there is no minutes
there is no hour in your life where you
are not manifesting and where you are
today is what you manifested yourself in
your life that might now will be great
news and for others it will be bad news
but yes you are where you were
manifesting yourself to be consciously
or subconsciously and that's why every
manifestation method you have heard of
like whisper Tech technique scripting
journaling Mirror Technique 365
technique 555 technique Shadow work
visualizing acting as
if all of these methods and there are 40
manifestation methods are actually a lie
they are actually nothing else than a
placebo and they can only work if you
believe in it if you do not believe in
what you're doing when you're standing
in front of the mirror telling yourself
I'm great I love myself I'm successful
I'm rich if you do not believe that you
actually do more harm than good to
yourself at the end if your subconscious
beliefs don't change nothing changes
another thing is limiting beliefs you
have three types of limiting beliefs
which are blocking your manifestations
the first are beliefs about yourself
beliefs like I'm not worthy to be
successful I not able to lose weight I
am not smart enough to build a business
I am not beautiful enough to be a model
I not eloquent enough to create YouTube
videos those are limiting beliefs about
yourself and these beliefs create so
much resistance in yourself that make it
nearly impossible to get what you want
the second ones are the beliefs you have
about the people who have already the
life you want for example if you believe
successful women are always cold
ruthless they are always masculine and
you do not want to be cold ruthless and
masculine then you are not going to be
successful honey if you believe rich
people are greedy your subconscious will
resist wealth if you believe Attractive
people are shallow you will sabotage
yourself and never be that attractive
woman you want to be and the third ones
are the beliefs about the world if you
believe that wom cannot run
businesses you will not run run a
business if you want to start your own
fashion line but you believe that the
fashion industry is risky and it's
impossible to succeed in you will not
succeed if you believe women can make a
lot of money and you are a woman you
will not make a lot of money if you
believe women are not being taken
seriously women are just here for their
bodies for their appearance then that's
what will show up in your life if you
believe that the world is against you
you will always find obstacles in your
life that will show and prove you the
world is against you at the end of the
day nothing is the truth other than what
the subconscious accepts as the truth so
now we know what's blocking you how can
you fix it how can you overcome those
blocks how can you change your belief
Bel and reprogram your subconscious at
the end of the day whatever works for
you works for you I can tell you what
works for me I can tell you what's most
helpful for most people but if that
doesn't work for you it's not going to
work for you that's it if you do not
believe in it it's not going to work for
you so find whatever works for you if
that is scripting if that is journaling
if that is looking in the mirror and
telling you affirmation ations if that
is the whisper method the 369 method
whatever method you want to use or
whatever you want to do and it works for
you great if that's reprogramming your
subconscious belief great even if it's
every time when you see out there it's
rainy and you truly believe every time
there is rain coming you will get money
there is money raining in your bank
account if you truly believe in that
that's going to work for you you
actually do not have to listen to
anyone's methods to anyone's amazing
strategies on how to manifest no you
simply have to find what works for you
and keep doing that and if you have a
struggle in believing in yourself then
find someone that you truly trust in
that you truly believe in and do what
this person is doing because that makes
it way way easier to manifest something
with believing in someone else when you
do not believe in yourself other methods
are EMDR if you do not believe in
yourself you can go to someone who is
doing EMDR with you EMDR is eye movement
desensi and
reprocessing it's a technique used to
heal trauma and reprogram your
subconscious while your conscious is
focused on something else I have not
done it myself but I want to do it for
such a long time and I had only heard
good things about that the next thing I
like to do is mind shifts mind shifts
are similar to affirmations but instead
of you saying I'm a millionaire and you
do not believe that you're a millionaire
use something that's closer to something
that you really
think and believe in that is achievable
for example say instead something like
I'm learning on how to make more money
your brain is more likely to accept this
small step it's like a muscle a
manifestation muscle that you are
training and over time you can use it
for bigger things and you will trust
your brain will trust because your brain
knows already okay we did that once and
it did work if you put in your mind I am
earning
$100 and you get this within a short
period of time your brain starts to
understand wow this actually works and
you can go with bigger things so what I
did was to write down what are my goals
in the next 3 to six months that are
very achievable so goals that I know I'm
going to make it goals like I'm going to
buy myself a new dress I'm going to
visit another country I'm going to start
YouTube I'm going to have a th000
subscribers really really small goals
that you can achieve and you know you
will achieve and once you achieve them
you have it way more easy to start with
bigger things and another important
thing when you write down those goals
those achievable goals write exactly
under those goals how you want to have
them if you want to have them easy say I
want to have it easy I don't want to put
a lot of effort I don't want to struggle
to make a $100 I don't want to sell my
soul to achieve that goal I don't want
to have crazy diets to reach my dream
weight and so on and yes you can use
negative in that because the universe
manifestations it doesn't speak in
positive or negative it doesn't speak in
words actually it speaks in frequency
and if your frequency if your emotions
if you feel good thinking about wow I'm
going to make a $100 without any effort
then that's a positive thing for you
even though you are writing it as a
negative thing another thing of course
are
affirmations I actually do affirmations
but not in a that extensive way I'm just
writing every morning three things I'm
grateful for three things I would be
happy to have done today and one thing
one affirmation for myself for my day
and these three things are actually
including shortterm goals that I know I
can achieve and
affirmations and gratitude so these
three things are really important for me
that's what I do every day and it works
for me and the next thing and last thing
I can recommend are subliminals
subliminals are low volume audio
affirmations that surpass your conscious
and go directly to your subconscious if
you listen to those consistently it can
help a lot to shift your subconscious
minds and beliefs I for example really
like to listen to that when I'm going to
sleep when I'm falling to sleep and it
first of all makes me fall asleep so
quickly and second of all it's just
something that I'm not giving a lot of
effort I'm actually not giving any
effort to I'm just letting it run the
whole night or whatever how many minutes
it is and that's it I wake up I'm
feeling refreshed I'm feeling my best
self
and yeah those are the things I can
recommend those are the things helped me
a lot but I can't guarantee that it will
work for you you can try if it works for
you amazing keep doing if it doesn't
work for you don't do it do not waste
your time on something you don't believe
in it's not going to help you to wrap
everything up your subconscious beliefs
create your reality not your thoughts
manifestation is not about magic it's
about alignment and it happens 24/7 your
limiting beliefs are blocking your
desires and only changing them will
change your life anyways thank you so
much for watching I hope this could help
some of you I love you so so much see
you next time bye-bye